enhancement(config): Implicit namespacing based on the config directory structure (#9701)
vectordotdev/vector: website/content/en/guides/level-up/managing-complex-configs.md

If you have a large chain of components it's a good idea to break them out into
individual files, each with its own unit tests.

## Splitting Configs

If your components start to by used in multiple configuration files, having a
dedicated place to define them can become interesting.

> With Vector you can define a component configuration inside a component type folder.
> Let's take an example with the following configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Vector you can define a component configuration inside a component type folder.

Let's take an example with the following configuration file:
```

dedicated place to define them can become interesting.

With Vector you can define a component configuration inside a component type folder.

Let's take an example with the following configuration file:

```toml title="vector.toml"
[sources.syslog]
type = "syslog"
address = "0.0.0.0:514"
max_length = 42000
mode = "tcp"
path = "/path/to/socket"

[transforms.change_fields]
type = "remap"
inputs = ["syslog"]
source = """
.new_field = "some value"
"""

[sinks.stdout]
type = "console"
inputs = ["change_fields"]
target = "stdout"
```

We can extract the `syslog` source in the file `/etc/vector/sources/syslog.toml`

```toml title="syslog.toml"
type = "syslog"
address = "0.0.0.0:514"
max_length = 42000
mode = "tcp"
path = "/path/to/socket"
```

The `change_fields` transform in the file `/etc/vector/transforms/change_fields.toml`

```toml title="change_fields.toml"
type = "remap"
inputs = ["syslog"]
source = """
.new_field = "some value"
"""
```

And the `stdout` sink in the file `/etc/vector/sinks/stdout.toml`

```toml title="stdout.toml"
type = "console"
inputs = ["change_fields"]
target = "stdout"
```

And for Vector to look for the configuration in the component type related folders,

> you need to start is using the `--config-dir` argument as follow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
you need to start it using the `--config-dir` argument as follows.
```
